FinalBuilds/readme.md, before:

# INSTRUCTIONS
This is Yebai Zhao. The developer of this game.

## Download

[Game One](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/OffScreenIndicator.zip)

[Game Two](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/FlashingCat.zip)

Game Three was real ugly thus canceled.

[Game Four](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/Horizontal%20Arrow.zip)

[Game Five](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/ArrowOnHand.zip)

[Game Six](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/ArrowOnGroud.zip)

I build and zip my files virus free, but you should alway be careful upon EXE files and do your virus scan.

## Background

What you have here is my Unity game build developed for a user study called User Visual Guidance in VR, VRUVG for short.

## Hardware/Software Requirments

Your computer should have the ability to run Oculus or other VR system before you try it.

I build this on Unity 2017.4.0f1, it has only been tested on Windows 10 with Oculus. It has not been tested on Vive or MacOS. You need to have at least two controllers to interact in the game. 


## Other Info

For how to Play, check my study [walk-through page](https://yebai.me/vruvgtest),  Section 3. Intro to the Game.

For this project, check my [project page](https://yebai.me/project/visual-guidance-in-vr).

For the Unity project, check [Github page](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha)

You can also find me on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. for feedback and questions.

Commit message:

Add about the CSV files

FinalBuilds/readme.md, after:

# INSTRUCTIONS
This is Yebai Zhao. The developer of this game.

## Important! Data Collection 

The game is made for my Master HCI study, it collects your motion and button pressing data in CSV files everytime it runs. These files will be saved LOCALLY at C:\Users\[username]\AppData\LocalLow\FETLAB RIT\VR User Visual Guidance . You can read them, ignore them, delete them, whatever, but I will be glad if you can send them to my email at yz9422@rit.edu. Please rename the file to match the game number you were playing, since the CSV file doesn't keep that record in itself.

## Download

[Game One](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/OffScreenIndicator.zip)

[Game Two](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/FlashingCat.zip)

Game Three was real ugly thus canceled.

[Game Four](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/Horizontal%20Arrow.zip)

[Game Five](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/ArrowOnHand.zip)

[Game Six](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha/blob/master/FinalBuilds/ArrowOnGroud.zip)

I build and zip my files virus free, but you should alway be careful upon EXE files and do your virus scan.

## Background

What you have here is my Unity game build developed for a user study called User Visual Guidance in VR, VRUVG for short.

## Hardware/Software Requirments

Your computer should have the ability to run Oculus or other VR system before you try it.

I build this on Unity 2017.4.0f1, it has only been tested on Windows 10 with Oculus. It has not been tested on Vive or MacOS. You need to have at least two controllers to interact in the game. 


## Other Info

For how to Play, check my study [walk-through page](https://yebai.me/vruvgtest),  Section 3. Intro to the Game.

For this project, check my [project page](https://yebai.me/project/visual-guidance-in-vr).

For the Unity project, check [Github page](https://github.com/YebaiZhao/VRUVG_alpha)

You can also find me on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. for feedback and questions.
